Rick moves in with his daughter’s family and establishes himself as a bad influence on his grandson Morty.
Rick helps Jerry out with the dog, broh. Don’t even trip about this episode because they also incept Goldenfold.
On a special Christmas episode, Rick and Morty try to save the life of a homeless man. Meanwhile, Jenny’s parents visit and the family bonds.
Rick and Morty try to get to the bottom of a mystery in this M. Night Shamyaloin style twistaroony of an episode.
Rick provides the family with a solution to their problems, freeing him up to go on a adventure led by Morty. Sounds good, better record this one, broh!
Rick helps Morty win over the girl of his dreams in this one, broh. Fist bump me, broh.
Morty convinces Rick to buy him a sexy robot. Guess what tho? Trouble happens, dog.
Rick hacks the cable box to allow access to TV from multiple realities. But guess what, broh? Jerry, Beth and Summer are focused on one of Rick’s other inventions. They don’t care, broh.
Rick goes to battle with the devil, and Summer gets upset about it, broh. Plus, Jerry and Morty hang out, broh!
Rick has a run in with some old associates, resulting in a fallout with Morty. You got any chips, broh?
Beth and Jerry head off on a romantic getaway. Rick and Summer throw a huge intergalactic house party, broh.
Rick don goofed this time and mussed up the whole time frame broh! Beth and Jerry get romantic!
Morty don tries to save a life in this one broh! Get strapped in broh!
Rick don gets straight emotional in this one broh. Beth and Jerry going ham on each other broh.”
We don get to meet all sorts of new friends in this one broh. Morty goes ham in this one broh.
Rick and Morty don gotta step up and save things in this one broh. A new religion starts up too broh.
Rick don forgot to check the oil in this one broh. Gotta fix that car in this one broh.
Rick don joins in on some hijinks in this one broh. Beth and Jerry sort out their relationship too broh.
Things going ham in this one broh. Jerry gots all sick and Rick sparks up the TV broh.
Morty goofs this time broh and now they gotta chill out and wait. Jerry and Summer explore their father daughter relationship too broh.
Things go ham in this one broh. They all don mussed up this time. The whole family mussed up broh.