Morty: "Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV."
Rick: "Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science"
Rick: "Weddings are basically funerals with cake."
Rick: "It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews."
Rick "All right, all right, cool it! I see what's happening here. You're both young, you're both unsure about your place in the universe, and you both want to be Grandpa's favorite. I can fix this. Morty, sit here. Summer, you sit here. Now, listen—I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grandpa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit! Yeah. I can prove it mathematically. Actually, l-l-let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming, anyways."
Rick: "What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Don't think about it."
Morty: “I just killed my family! I don’t care who they were!” Rick: “I dunno, some people would pay top dollar for that kind of breakthrough.”
Rick: "You're young, you have your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut yet malleable."
Morty: "I mean, why would a Pop-Tart want to live inside a toaster, Rick? I mean, that would be like the scariest place for them to live. You know what I mean?" Rick: "You're missing the point Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No."
Jerry: “I wish that shotgun was my penis.” Beth: “If it was, you could call me Ernest Hemingway.”
Rick: "I turned myself into a pickle. I'm Pickle Riiiiick"
Beth: "He's not a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else's."
Rick: "Those guys are inside you building a piece of shit Ethan!! They're inside you building a monument to compromise!! Fuck them. Fuck those people. Fuck this whole thing Ethan."
Rick: "Wow, I really Cronenberged up the whole place, huh Morty? Just a bunch a Cronenbergs walkin' around."
Rick: Listen, Jerry, I don’t want to overstep my bounds or anything. It’s your house. It’s your world. You’re a real Julius Caesar, but I’ll tell you some, tell you how-how I feel about school, Jerry. It’s a waste of time, a bunch of people running around, bumping into each other. G-guy up front says, “two plus two.” The people in the back say, “four.” Then the bell rings, and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can take a dump or something. I mean, it’s—it’s not a place for smart people, Jerry, and I know that’s not a popular opinion, but it’s my two cents on the issue.
Snuffles: Tell me, Summer, if a human was born with stumpy legs, would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the Dachshund?
Rick: Ruben’s seen some rough years, Morty. You don’t agree to get a theme park built inside you if your life is going great.
Mr. Meeseeks: Having a family doesn’t mean that you stop being an individual. You know the best thing you can do for the people that depend on you? Be honest with them, even if it means setting them free.
Morty: Rick, what about the reality we left behind? Rick: What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer? Just don’t think about it, Morty.
Summer: “Why are you fighting? Can’t you see you’re all the same?” Morty: “Oh Summer, first race war, huh?”
Blim Blam: Um, first of all, hello. Uh, my name is Blim Blam the Korblok. Second of all, cards on the table, I’m a murderer that eats babies, and I came to this planet to eat babies. However, I am also carrying a highly infectious disease that I suppose you could call “space AIDS” as you put it, and Rick did chain me up so that he could attempt to cure it. [Beth serves Jerry] At the same time, Rick’s motivation to cure my disease was not to save my life or anyone else’s, but to patent and sell the cure for billions of Blemflarcks. [Jerry serves back] But you know the reason why I ripped my chains out of the wall? [confronts them] And do you know why I’m never coming back to this planet?! BECAUSE THE TWO OF YOU ARE THE FUCKING WORST! You both hate yourselves AND each other! And the idea that it has ANYTHING to do with Rick is laughable. I’d laugh but I’m biologically incapable. That’s how alien I am! And even I’m sitting here listening to the two of you and being like, “WHAT THE FUCK!?!” So good luck with your shitty marriage, and tell Rick I’m sorry he has to deal with EITHER of you. Blim Blam OUT. [mic-drops the device and leaves, only to come back for the device] You know what? I’m taking this.
